Charm++/Converse License

University of Illinois

University of Illinois
Charm++/Converse Parallel Programming System Software
Non-Exclusive, Non-Commercial Use License

Upon execution of this Agreement by the party identified below ("Licensee"),
The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois  ("Illinois"), on behalf of
The Parallel Programming Laboratory ("PPL") in the Department of Computer
Science, will provide the Charm++/Converse Parallel Programming System software
("Charm++") in Binary Code and/or Source Code form ("Software") to Licensee,
subject to the following terms and conditions. For purposes of this Agreement,
Binary Code is the compiled code, which is ready to run on Licensee's computer.
Source code consists of a set of files which contain the actual program
commands that are compiled to form the Binary Code.

1. The Software is intellectual property owned by Illinois, and all right,
title and interest, including copyright, remain with Illinois.  Illinois
grants, and Licensee hereby accepts, a restricted, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Software for academic, research and
internal business purposes only, e.g. not for commercial use (see Clause 7
below), without a fee.

2. Licensee may, at its own expense, create and freely distribute complimentary
works that interoperate with the Software, directing others to the PPL server
(http://charm.cs.uiuc.edu) to license and obtain the Software itself. Licensee
may, at its own expense, modify the Software to make derivative works.  Except
as explicitly provided below, this License shall apply to any derivative work
as it does to the original Software distributed by Illinois.  Any derivative
work should be clearly marked and renamed to notify users that it is a modified
version and not the original Software distributed by Illinois.  Licensee agrees
to reproduce the copyright notice and other proprietary markings on any
derivative work and to include in the documentation of such work the
acknowledgement:

"This software includes code developed by the Parallel Programming Laboratory
in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign."

Licensee may redistribute without restriction works with up to 1/2 of their
non-comment source code derived from at most 1/10 of the non-comment source
code developed by Illinois and contained in the Software, provided that the
above directions for notice and acknowledgement are observed.  Any other
distribution of the Software or any derivative work requires a separate license
with Illinois.  Licensee may contact Illinois (kale@cs.uiuc.edu) to negotiate
an appropriate license for such distribution.

3. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS" AND ILLINOIS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE USE OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHTS.  LICENSEE
ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE
AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS.  LICENSEE AGREES THAT UNIVERSITY SHALL NOT BE HELD
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WITH
RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY ON ACCOUNT OF OR ARISING
FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS.

4. Licensee understands the Software is proprietary to Illinois. Licensee
agrees to take all reasonable steps to insure that the Software is  protected
and secured from unauthorized disclosure, use, or release and  will treat it
with at least the same level of care as Licensee would use to  protect and
secure its own proprietary computer programs and/or information, but using no
less than a reasonable standard of care.  Licensee agrees to provide the
Software only to any other person or entity who has registered with Illinois.
If licensee is not registering as an individual but as an institution or
corporation each member of the institution or corporation who has access to or
uses Software must agree to and abide by the terms of this license. If Licensee
becomes aware of any unauthorized licensing, copying or use of the Software,
Licensee shall promptly notify Illinois in writing. Licensee expressly agrees
to use the Software only in the manner and for the specific uses authorized in
this Agreement.

5. By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the
copyright law and all other applicable laws of the U.S. including, but not
limited to, export control laws and the terms of this license. Illinois  shall
have the right to terminate this license immediately by written  notice upon
Licensee's breach of, or non-compliance with, any terms of the license.
Licensee may be held legally responsible for any  copyright infringement that
is caused or encouraged by its failure to  abide by the terms of this license.
Upon termination, Licensee agrees to  destroy all copies of the Software in its
possession and to verify such  destruction in writing.

6. The user agrees that any reports or published results obtained with  the
Software will acknowledge its use by the appropriate citation as  follows:

"Charm++/Converse was developed by the Parallel Programming Laboratory in the
Department of Computer Science at the University of  Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign."

Any published work which utilizes Charm++ shall include the following
reference:

"L. V. Kale and S. Krishnan. Charm++: Parallel Programming with Message-Driven
Objects. In 'Parallel Programming using C++' (Eds. Gregory V. Wilson and Paul
Lu), pp 175-213, MIT Press, 1996."

Any published work which utilizes Converse shall include the following
reference:

"L. V. Kale, Milind Bhandarkar, Narain Jagathesan, Sanjeev Krishnan and Joshua
Yelon. Converse: An Interoperable Framework for Parallel Programming.
Proceedings of the 10th International Parallel Processing Symposium, pp
212-217, April 1996."

Electronic documents will include a direct link to the official Charm++ page
at http://charm.cs.uiuc.edu/

7. Commercial use of the Software, or derivative works based thereon,  REQUIRES
A COMMERCIAL LICENSE.  Should Licensee wish to make commercial use of the
Software, Licensee will contact Illinois (kale@cs.uiuc.edu) to negotiate an
appropriate license for such use. Commercial use includes: 
(1) integration of all or part of the Software into a product for sale, lease
or license by or on behalf of Licensee to third parties, or 
(2) distribution of the Software to third parties that need it to commercialize
product sold or licensed by or on behalf of Licensee.

8. Government Rights. Because substantial governmental funds have been  used in
the development of Charm++/Converse, any possession, use or sublicense of the
Software by or to the United States government shall be subject to such
required restrictions.

9. Charm++/Converse is being distributed as a research and teaching tool and as
such, PPL encourages contributions from users of the code that might, at
Illinois' sole discretion, be used or incorporated to make the basic  operating
framework of the Software a more stable, flexible, and/or useful  product.
Licensees who contribute their code to become an internal  portion of the
Software agree that such code may be distributed by  Illinois under the terms
of this License and may be required to sign an  "Agreement Regarding
Contributory Code for Charm++/Converse Software" before Illinois  can accept it
(contact kale@cs.uiuc.edu for a copy).

UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED.


Contact Information:

The best contact path for licensing issues is by e-mail to  kale@cs.uiuc.edu or
send correspondence to:

Prof. L. V. Kale
Dept. of Computer Science
University of Illinois
1304 W. Springfield Ave
Urbana, Illinois 61801 USA
FAX: (217) 333-3501
