+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                    |
|                      University of Illinois                        |
|                 NAMD Molecular Dynamics Software                   |
|             Non-Exclusive, Non-Commercial Use License              |
|                                                                    |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+

Upon execution of this Agreement by the party identified below ("Licensee"), 
The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois  ("Illinois"), on behalf 
of The Theoretical and Computational Biophysics Group ("TCBG") in the Beckman
Institute, will provide the NAMD molecular dynamics software ("NAMD") in
Executable Code and/or Source Code form ("Software") to Licensee, subject to
the following terms and conditions. For purposes of this Agreement,
Executable Code is the compiled code, which is ready to run on Licensee's
computer. Source code consists of a set of files which contain the actual
program commands that are compiled to form the Executable Code.

1. The Software is intellectual property owned by Illinois, and all right, 
title and interest, including copyright, remain with Illinois.  Illinois 
grants, and Licensee hereby accepts, a restricted, non-exclusive, 
non-transferable license to use the Software for academic, research and 
internal business purposes only, e.g. not for commercial use (see Clause 7 
below), without a fee.

2. Licensee may, at its own expense, create and freely distribute 
complimentary works that interoperate with the Software, directing others to 
the TCBG server to license and obtain the Software itself. Licensee may, at 
its own expense, modify the Software to make derivative works.  Except as 
explicitly provided below, this License shall apply to any derivative work 
as it does to the original Software distributed by Illinois.  Any derivative 
work should be clearly marked and renamed to notify users that it is a 
modified version and not the original Software distributed by Illinois.  
Licensee agrees to reproduce the copyright notice and other proprietary 
markings on any derivative work and to include in the documentation of such 
work the acknowledgement:

"This software includes code developed by the Theoretical and Computational
 Biophysics Group in the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and
 Technology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign."

Licensee may redistribute without restriction works with up to 1/2 of their 
non-comment source code derived from at most 1/10 of the non-comment source 
code developed by Illinois and contained in the Software, provided that the 
above directions for notice and acknowledgement are observed.  Any other 
distribution of the Software or any derivative work requires a separate 
license with Illinois.  Licensee may contact Illinois (namd@ks.uiuc.edu) to 
negotiate an appropriate license for such distribution.

3. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 
"AS IS" AND ILLINOIS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF 
ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES 
OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE USE OF 
THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHTS. 
LICENSEE ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE 
SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS.  LICENSEE AGREES THAT UNIVERSITY SHALL 
NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL 
DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY ON ACCOUNT 
OF OR ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED 
MATERIALS.

4. Licensee understands the Software is proprietary to Illinois. Licensee  
agrees to take all reasonable steps to insure that the Software is  
protected and secured from unauthorized disclosure, use, or release and  
will treat it with at least the same level of care as Licensee would use to  
protect and secure its own proprietary computer programs and/or information, 
but using no less than a reasonable standard of care.  Licensee agrees to 
provide the Software only to any other person or entity who has registered 
with Illinois. If licensee is not registering as an individual but as an 
institution or corporation each member of the institution or corporation 
who has access to or uses Software must agree to and abide by the terms 
of this license. If Licensee becomes aware of any unauthorized licensing, 
copying or use of the Software, Licensee shall promptly notify Illinois 
in writing. Licensee expressly agrees to use the Software only in the 
manner and for the specific uses authorized in this Agreement.

5. By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the  
copyright law and all other applicable laws of the U.S. including, but not  
limited to, export control laws and the terms of this license. Illinois  
shall have the right to terminate this license immediately by written  
notice upon Licensee's breach of, or non-compliance with, any
terms of the license. Licensee may be held legally responsible for any  
copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by its failure to  
abide by the terms of this license. Upon termination, Licensee agrees to  
destroy all copies of the Software in its possession and to verify such  
destruction in writing.

6. The user agrees that any reports or published results obtained with  
the Software will acknowledge its use by the appropriate citation as  
follows:

"NAMD was developed by the Theoretical and Computational Biophysics Group in
 the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology at the University
 of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign."

Any published work which utilizes NAMD shall include the following reference:

"Laxmikant Kale, Robert Skeel, Milind Bhandarkar, Robert Brunner,
 Attila Gursoy, Neal Krawetz, James Phillips, Aritomo Shinozaki,
 Krishnan Varadarajan, and Klaus Schulten. NAMD2: Greater scalability
 for parallel molecular dynamics.  J. Comp. Phys., 151:283-312, 1999."

Electronic documents will include a direct link to the official NAMD page  
at http://www.ks.uiuc.edu/Research/namd/

7. Commercial use of the Software, or derivative works based thereon,  
REQUIRES A COMMERCIAL LICENSE.  Should Licensee wish to make commercial 
use of the Software, Licensee will contact Illinois (namd@ks.uiuc.edu) to 
negotiate an appropriate license for such use. Commercial use includes: 
(1) integration of all or part of the Software into a product for sale, 
lease or license by or on behalf of Licensee to third parties, or 
(2) distribution of the Software to third parties that need it to 
commercialize product sold or licensed by or on behalf of Licensee.

8. Government Rights. Because substantial governmental funds have been  
used in the development of NAMD, any possession, use or sublicense of the  
Software by or to the United States government shall be subject to such  
required restrictions.

9. NAMD is being distributed as a research and teaching tool and as  
such, TCBG encourages contributions from users of the code that might, at  
Illinois' sole discretion, be used or incorporated to make the basic  
operating framework of the Software a more stable, flexible, and/or useful  
product.  Licensees who contribute their code to become an internal  
portion of the Software agree that such code may be distributed by  
Illinois under the terms of this License and may be required to sign an  
"Agreement Regarding Contributory Code for NAMD Software" before Illinois  
can accept it (contact namd@ks.uiuc.edu for a copy).

UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED.


Contact Information:

The best contact path for licensing issues is by e-mail to  
namd@ks.uiuc.edu or send correspondence to:
                             NAMD Team
                             Theoretical and Computational Biophysics Group
                             Beckman Institute
                             University of Illinois
                             405 North Mathews MC-251
                             Urbana, Illinois 61801 USA
                             FAX: (217) 244-6078

